# Introduction-to-Cloud-based-EHR-Software-Server-based-EHR-Software
Offering a solution to this pertinent problem is the EHR (Electronic Health Records) software. The software offers a digital mechanism to take elaborate medical notes that can be easily accessed at any given point of time. Both Cloud based EHRs &amp; Server based EHRs consolidate a person’s medical history that includes allergies, past treatments, relevant images, lab results among other pertinent information in the digital format. Designed for healthcare professionals, they also provide relevant tools and options to make sound decisions. The use of EHRs also makes it easier to store colossal amounts of patients’ data, without the risk of misplacement, damage, or alteration to sensitive data. Along with offering accurate patient information, these electric records can help in maintaining continuity, rather than putting the patient through a process where he/she must start from scratch.  EHR Software Advantages Owing to its unparalleled relevance, few advantages of the EHR software solutions are:  Timely access to the patient’s records Suggest relevant treatment options Offer patients access to their details Improves communication between patient and physicians Improve the effectiveness of the treatmentOffering a solution to this pertinent problem is the EHR (Electronic Health Records) software. The software offers a digital mechanism to take elaborate medical notes that can be easily accessed at any given point of time. Both Cloud based EHRs &amp; Server based EHRs consolidate a person’s medical history that includes allergies, past treatments, relevant images, lab results among other pertinent information in the digital format. Designed for healthcare professionals, they also provide relevant tools and options to make sound decisions. The use of EHRs also makes it easier to store colossal amounts of patients’ data, without the risk of misplacement, damage, or alteration to sensitive data. Along with offering accurate patient information, these electric records can help in maintaining continuity, rather than putting the patient through a process where he/she must start from scratch.  EHR Software Advantages Owing to its unparalleled relevance, few advantages of the EHR software solutions are:  Timely access to the patient’s records Suggest relevant treatment options Offer patients access to their details Improves communication between patient and physicians Improve the effectiveness of the treatment.https://bit.ly/3qRxt3x
